Clarify unload deprecation timings (#7237)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/deprecating-unload/index.md

  - chrome-117
---

> The [`unload` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) will be gradually [deprecated](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5579556305502208) starting from Chrome 117 (where it is available behind a flag to allow sites to test this change). The deprecation will occur by gradually changing the default so that `unload` handlers stop firing on pages unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them.

Reviewer: Something like

The [`unload` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) will be gradually [deprecated](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5579556305502208). The deprecation will occur by gradually changing the default so that `unload` handlers stop firing on pages unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them. The dev trial of the deprecation is avalable in Chrome 117 with the `chrome://flags/#deprecate-unload` flag. Enabling this flag make the default to deny access to unload handlers for all pages.

Author: ```suggestion
The [`unload` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) will be gradually [deprecated](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5579556305502208) by gradually changing the default so that `unload` handlers stop firing on pages unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them. The dev trial of the deprecation is available from Chrome 117 with the `chrome://flags/#deprecate-unload` flag. Enabling this flag make the default to deny access to unload handlers for all pages.
```

> The [`unload` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) will be gradually [deprecated](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5579556305502208) by gradually changing the default so that `unload` handlers stop firing on pages unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them. The dev trial of the deprecation is available from Chrome 117 with the `chrome://flags/#deprecate-unload` flag. Enabling this flag make the default to deny access to unload handlers for all pages.

Author: ```suggestion
The [`unload` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) will be gradually [deprecated](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5579556305502208) by gradually changing the default so that `unload` handlers stop firing on pages unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them. The developer trial of the deprecation is available from Chrome 117 with the `chrome://flags/#deprecate-unload` flag. Enabling this flag make the default to deny access to unload handlers for all pages.
```
